Hahaha, it skyrocketed a hundred times in three minutes
Unless that becomes the city center
How is that possible?
It's just a wasteland that no one wants
Everyone is right
Unless Du Fu's side introduces the land in Dongshan
Super favorable policy
Otherwise you might be right
In 3 minutes
The land in Dongshan has skyrocketed a hundredfold.
I see your ability to lie with your eyes open
But more and more ruthless
Hahaha, you think you are a multi-handed adult.
Say it in 3 minutes
I really don't know.
How could the second uncle of the first generation be born?
Come on, Val.
I know you don't want to take this project
Give it to the body
But what you said
Are you taking everyone for a fool?
You let me down so much.
son
I think it's better to give him another three minutes
After all, we don't care about the time.
Maybe in three minutes
People can really skyrocket a hundredfold
Hahahahaha
I also think we should give this opportunity.
But what about these three minutes?
Can't wait in vain